Dylan Jones  and Betsy Butterick - January 22 VIEW RECORDING - 57 mins (No highlights):   ---  0:00 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   This meeting is being recorded.  0:03 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Good morning.  0:03 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   How are you? I'm doing well. How about you?  0:06 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Good. Sorry I'm late. I had a stinking Google reset just as I was logging into Zoom.  0:11 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Those are fun.  0:13 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   So annoying. You're like, okay, here we go. Oh, never mind.  0:17 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   That's all good.  0:20 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   How has the week been?  0:22 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Good. I was on the road. What day is it? It's Thursday. I was with Maryland Women's Basketball. That's a team that I work with throughout their season.  So I was on site with them Tuesday, Wednesday, just got back last night, and now into the next thing.  0:38 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Sweet. Amazing.  0:39 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Yeah.  0:39 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   And you're East Coast or?  0:42 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Yeah. In Cary, North Carolina.  0:44 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   So right next to Raleigh. Okay, cool. That's awesome.  0:48 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Yeah.  0:49 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   And I saw, I was just looking at the ticket. it looks like Ellie was meeting with Alice yesterday to get.  Some access issues resolved.  0:59 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Some Yeah.  1:00 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   It's always a fun thing when we do these. It's always like a small integration, but then it's always like, oh, wait, there's four things.  1:08 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   all the things, yeah. When I read what they needed, I was like, oh, all of this is a foreign language.  I'm sure we'll figure it out, you know?  1:16 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Yeah, and our kind of procedure is we send – you never know what the technical skill is, like the level.  So we send that email. It's like, okay, here's all the things we need. And then if we get the response back, like, I don't know how to do any of this, then we just get on a call and go through one.  1:33 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Okay.  1:34 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   One at a time. It's pretty straightforward, but if you don't know, you don't know, right?  1:39 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Yeah.  1:40 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Awesome. And we were going to talk a little bit about marketing today, right?  1:45 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Your marketing. Yeah.  1:46 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   What plan is, if there's opportunity for us to help or even just offer advice.  1:53 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Yeah, and I did take your advice and got the Get Scalable. Oh, good. Look. Um. And looking into Ryan and my mom, Alice did a little bit of research, like even what you said on the call, was like, yes, like that's, that sounds like me, right?  Like when people talk about scale, they're like, when are going to build a team? You know, when are going to do this?  And it's like, I can't, I can't, nor do I really want to teach people to do exactly what I do and how I do it.  Because so much of the way that I work is part of who I am. And I, that's not scalable in that way.  And so I can teach them frameworks, processes, workshop content, but to be able to, like we were talking about, like spend more time with the family, travel less, but continue to grow and maintain a profitable business.  That's something I'm really interested in. And like we talked about last time, marketing has always been the biggest, biggest growth edge.  Um, I spend much more of my time doing the work than I do talking about the work, marketing, the products that I have.  And I might've mentioned this on last call, but years. A colleague of mine who, there are a couple out of Australia and they've run a very profitable business for decades now.  And she's like, that's you, you have great content and you've grown because of who you are and how you do what you do.  Now you need to start to like package things and market them for sale. When you were talking about, I think it was Ryan and like kind of the customer journey of you go from this item to this item to this item.  And there's different levels of access, but also the customer journey is very clear. That's very unclear in the way that I currently operate my business, if that makes sense.  3:38 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Yeah. And that's, I mean, I think it's pretty timely and it's specifically why I said Ryan, because it's just, that's, he's, I mean, he's the best there is of it, right?  So seeing what he does, it looks simple. It's really not, I mean, it is simple. It's the back end is just really well built.  3:59 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   It's not. It's even that complex.  4:00 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   It's just really well built. But it's also, you know, his first business. Actually, I don't know if it was his first business.  His first big business where he became very famous was called Internet Marketer.  4:12 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   He did it with two other guys.  4:13 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Okay. One of them was like a big email guy. then, what was Perry? I think Perry was kind of a generalist.  And then they built Internet Marketer. They're kind of like the 2012 Facebook Internet Marketer guys.  4:27 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Okay.  4:27 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   That everyone who wanted to get into marketing was like, whoa, these guys are cool. And then they went off in their own directions.  He built Scalable Busy. like the biggest issues with all these businesses was that like everyone was trying to do the one thing.  And it's like, well, it's actually a series of lots of little things.  4:45 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Yeah.  4:46 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   And those little things, like where Profitable Media really thrives is building those little things. So it looks like one big thing.  And it feels for an owner like one. down to to ogre We're do We're We're Big thing. That's a really key point is that, you know, if we go, say we do like an automated funnel, right?  And it's the lead magnet is a Gen Z webinar, or like coaching Gen Z webinar, which is just evergreen on YouTube, and we drive traffic to it.  And the, like, there's a, what would be called a tripwire, which is a small purchase after that, it could be like, you know, coaching cards or something like that.  Like, and then the next thing after that is a 297 course. And the next thing like that is a $1,500 half day.  And the next thing is like a whole coaching staff, you know, $10,000 two day. The two aspects of that are, one, we don't want you managing any of it.  5:52 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Yeah. Yeah. And now I'm in all of it.  5:56 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Yeah, it's not your strength. And then the other part is like, how do we... Yeah. To get the $10,000 one day, you need a lot of traffic on the free webinar.  And like, where does the traffic come from? Well, we have to talk about that a little bit and talk about how we, I mean, there's lots of ways to drive traffic, but it's just what's been the most effective for you.  That's what I'm really curious to hear. What has been the most effective for you to get, what I say is just get eyeballs on your content.  Like, how are you doing it now? I see you're on YouTube and Instagram, a little bit on TikTok, and then- It was briefly, have not been for months, and like delayed getting on board, and with everything to manage, it became like one more thing.  6:41 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Like we had gotten CapCut, and we were trying to take like the content that we're already going to put on Instagram, and mom was breaking it up, and we were making these little reels.  And at some point, the algorithm was like, you know, make sure this is original content. And I'm like, this is original content.  So we ran into like a barrier. content. original around some of when I would clip certain things out because it was similar to things that have been said, but in a different way.  And that's something that I hear from people often is like, yeah, I've heard this concept before, but it makes sense the way you say it and how you teach us to apply it.  interesting. Okay. Yeah. So it was more of like a frustration and one more thing than anything that was really driving traffic.  And so we let that go and really, I'll say probably around early 2025, just decided to focus on Instagram, Substack, LinkedIn, and then mom's taken over YouTube completely.  So I never touch YouTube. She just takes content and then reposts to YouTube so that that continues because that was originally one of the larger platforms that I was posting to.  Back when I first started, all the active videos got posted on YouTube and then I reposted to Facebook. And I'm not even really on Facebook that much.  I have an account, but I stopped using my business account. Like there's a note up there that says. You know, you can follow me in these places.  What I've found, this might, if I'm getting ahead, please tell me to pull back.  8:07 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   this is all good.  8:07 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   This is really good. So what I've found is that outside of people who see me speak or have heard me in some of their professional settings, whether it's sports organizations at their conferences, whether it's, you know, speaking at a conference event where there's multiple schools, what I've found is outside of people experiencing my work virtually or in person, most of the people who hire me are, I'll say, senior level type individuals.  So within the college system, we're talking about associate athletic directors, senior women administrators, athletic directors, conference directors, same at the professional level, like people who are within subsets of pro organizations that have found me on LinkedIn or have heard about me from somebody else.  8:54 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   And then LinkedIn is typically where they go to look at most everyone in both.  9:00 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   All those spheres is on Instagram. I found less so that they were on TikTok. That was more of like a younger generation thing.  So while many coaches would like to work with me, almost exclusively the hiring conversations come from whoever's above them.  So that's typically a sport administrator, an associate athletic director, a head athletic director. So I have a lot of coaches who are like, Betsy, we'd love to work with you, but then they have to go get approval.  All of that is short circuited when it's the person near or at the top that's saying, I need you.  I've got these people in mind, or this coach has requested to work with you.  9:32 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   It just is more of a streamlined process that way. Okay. Amazing. These. Okay. So this is really key because this is exciting part is it's pretty easy to, when we segment out audience, and then create a path for  For each audience, right? And so if you have like these athletic directors, I'm just going to call them ADs, conference directors, you know, like really going in on, it's almost like enterprise level, like account space marketing is like, okay, so what, who are the athletic directors?  How do we talk to, how do we all of them within like aware of your ecosystem? Awesome. Are you like familiar with the eight points to buy concept where it takes like someone eight touch points to buy your product?  10:36 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   heard, I think I've heard it as seven, but like they need to see something a certain number of times before they actually make the purchase.  10:42 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Yeah. So if, if, if coaches aren't your buying decision, but they're your audience, then the most common mistake is giving the coaches 10, 12, 15 touch points, right?  Where it's great. The coaches are fully engaged, but without the buying decision, at a certain point, you're just giving them free content, right?  11:08 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Right.  11:10 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   And that's fine. We want our audience to get as much value as they can, but I'm speaking specifically from the buying perspective.  At a certain point, I want everyone to buy, even if they're getting lots of great free value. So it's like kind of weaning them off at like touch point five or six and putting those next five or six touch points into the hand of the athletic director.  And the way, there's multiple ways to do that, but one of my favorite ways, because this is very common in my work too, like we get marketers come to us, we get like junior tech people and like, oh, this would be exactly the type of work we need, but I got to go sell you to my CMO.  11:51 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Yeah, that's typically what I have, yeah.  11:54 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   So we set up packages or videos specifically created. For that high-level person, they can be hosted publicly. They don't always necessarily have to be.  And it's like, as soon as a coach says to, like, oh, Betsy, I love what you're doing, but I have to go sell it to my athletic director.  You're like, great, show them this. Or, like, what's their name? And then what we can also do is set up on LinkedIn is, like, direct outreach to those exact people.  So, like, hey, ex-coach said, you know, whatever they want. They're interested in working. Here's a bunch of stuff you may want to know about me.  And you can get that directly to them, and it can be, like, kind of half-automated. I'm very big on automation to speed up the amount of human conversations you can have.  12:47 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Yeah.  12:48 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   We've been doing automation for a long time. I have found that if you're active on LinkedIn, then you 100% know, like, how many messages do you get?  That's just a block of text. From someone and you never read it. Obviously, we want to avoid that at all costs and shift towards like what feels very personalized.  And that can be done really nicely on LinkedIn. Now we do a lot of lead gen on LinkedIn as well.  And it's just through video drop. So the, the, and then honestly, like setting up a package, I don't know if you have a package for like coaches that they can like almost sample and how, and come in and say, Hey, I did this course with Betsy.  was fantastic. I think our whole coaching staff or our whole athletic department needs to do this or have an in-person.  And it's like, okay, so what can we get a coach to buy personally or, or expense on, you maybe they have an expense of 500 bucks or something like that.  We get them to do that. And then they're in like, now they're now like the next step for them is like the, the, the, the large package and they get the 500 credit back or something.  And then they're that. There's so many options in that. And really, it just comes down to testing a lot.  So I don't want to just idea drop you, but that's kind of where my mind goes for this type of thing, because it's not standard, but it's a very common structure, right?  Like, is your problem? It's funny. It's just an athletic director versus like a CEO or CMO or whatever it is, but it's very similar.  A couple of questions for you. I'm not in your back end, but do you offer certifications for other coaches or anything like that?  14:38 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   No. So I partnered with USA, a gal at USA Weightlifting. The two of us were tasked by a Canadian company, Good Life Fitness, to do their, what do we call it?  Connected communication. So we created a certification course for Good Life Fitness called Connected Communication and ran like, I think,  28 coaches through that certification, but that's the only certification that I've ever been a part of. Okay. Trying to think.  The one kind of like a big bucket of eyeballs is also Substack. Like Substack now has like close to 2,500 subscribers.  15:21 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   We have different levels as far as people who are free versus paid.  15:26 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Conversions continue from like free to paid. I do a monthly live webinar with all paid subscribers where they can hop on and ask any question that's on their mind.  And that's been, so I feel like I'm throwing a lot of different directional things at you.  15:42 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   No, this is all really good info.  15:43 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Okay. So when, I appreciate that you said like automations to speed up the amount of human conversations you can have.  In the last week, I was talking with the head field hockey coach at St. Joseph's University. They made it to the Sweet 16.  Five days later. Okay. She texted me and she's like, Betsy, I just got the head job at Penn State and I need to work with you.  Resources very limited at St. Joe's, much more expansive at Penn State. So even though she got a new job and we'd yet to work together, she was familiar enough with my work and from references from colleagues to say, I want to work with you.  Like after our conversation, she's like, you're the person. We just don't have the resources to do it at the scale I want, but let me see what we can do.  But then she got more resources. Second conversation, head coach for Michigan State Softball, we had a conversation in December and then she emailed last week to say that she resigned from coaching, but is now taking a corporate job and wants to bring me on to do corporate work.  Again, I've yet to actually do work with these people, but the point I want to make is like when people have an experience of me in person, whether it's a phone call and we talk about the possibilities, given the challenges that they have.  When they hear me speak at a conference or they experience me on a live webinar, anytime I'm in the room with people virtually or in person, they want.  And I don't yet have, it's like, oh, okay, you can buy the book, or you can sign up for one-on-one coaching, but I don't have like a sustainable, very simple next step of like, oh, you want more?  Here's what you can do on your own. Here's what you could do within your team. Here's what you could do within your department.  Here's what you could do if you wanted to make a long-term engagement. For me personally, some of the more, I love all the work that I get to do.  The retainer work is best because it's known income, right? So it's like, I'm not chasing, okay, how many one-off engagements do I need to create a sustainable like financial picture for our family?  My wife's currently not working because our kids are still not full-time in school. Um, so how do I make more known than unknown income and make it repeatable so that I'm not relying as much on the bigger ticket one-off items?  Um, so that's, that's something that I feel like is important to mention as far as the way that I work.  And this is where. Some of the funneling might get a little, I don't want say challenging, but where sports is, especially at the college level with NIL and the transfer portal and the NCAA ruling and schools reallocating what funds they have where, the assumption is often that any Division I school has a lot of resources.  What I found is that some Division III schools, especially private schools, even though they are small sports schools, they are much better funded consistently than some of the major schools you would assume have the resources to pay for high-level personalized service.  So there's a lot of variability in what resources people have available to do the kind of work that they'd like to do with me.  And so currently I have like different pricing models. So when I have an initial conversation with someone, they're interested in doing work, they want to know about cost.  What I typically say is I'd be happy to send you an email with a general service menu to give you an idea of the variety of ways we could work together.  And then you have whatever internal conversation. Let me know either what budget you have, and I can piece something together to maximize that budget.  Here's what I think you could do. Or you can tell me what services you're most interested in. So I've got different pricing models for Division I, II, and III.  But even then, sometimes I'll move things around based off of what I know or if I've worked with that client previously, that sort of thing.  So when it comes to – and also, like, I don't know anybody else who does the niche work that I do.  So there are a lot of people that work on public speaking and presentation. There are people who work on communication, but my unique combination of having been an athlete and then a coach and now working with athletes and coaches in the space specifically on communication and upskilling individuals based off of where they're starting from and not, like, some system or some standard procedure, the work that I get to do is very bespoke and custom, which gives it immense value.  you. It's a more challenging to scale and be repeatable. That said, I know there are certain things that if I'm working with a team, especially for the first time, I know we're going to hit these kind of baseline pieces of like, this is a structure to build a strong communication foundation on.  So there's certain things over the years that I've recognized. These continually add value across populations, regardless of dynamics, culture, issues, et cetera.  20:26 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Cool. And for that foundational part, is there a couple areas that's like, I want to say always, but maybe 80% of the time is the first place you'd work or like one of the most important places you work?  20:40 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Yeah. As far as content?  20:42 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Yeah. Content or just individual work?  20:48 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Can you repeat the question? I want to make sure.  20:50 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Sorry, I didn't say it's like if you go into an engagement and you have your foundational piece that you know always has to be developed and say, you know, I assume it's kind of based.  It's on pillars and like one pillar someone's really good at some, you know, there's another pillar they're not very good at within like your communication plan.  Is there kind of one pillar that always needs work, no matter who it is, what it is?  21:15 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Yes. It's probably more like a coliseum, like things that come up frequently, like we're talking about pillars is like unspoken expectations.  So setting expectations, being clear about expectations, having shared understanding between two people, between a group of people, within groups, within an organization, like having clarity about expectations.  21:40 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Yep.  21:41 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Expectations setting conversations, unearthing as early as possible unspoken expectations. That's a huge one that comes into play. When I do different workshops, a structure that I often put in there is to help people become aware of seven major barriers.  21:59 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Okay.  22:00 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   So this is where miscommunication most oftenly occurs. So context, tone, trust, timing, clarity, word, choice, body language. These seven will often signal miscommunication.  And unfortunately, they rarely happen in isolation. They often happen in combination. So teaching them what they look like, how they impact communication so that we have the ability to recognize them when they happen and ideally over time avoid them before they occur, at least within what we can control.  Yeah, there's just some, I mean, difficult conversations, right? Like teaching people skills around how to engage before they even engage, how we think about them, like normalizing the fact that most people have yet to be taught how to have these conversations in a way that builds trust and relationship versus threatening to deteriorate those things.  And most people have had many experiences of finding themselves in a challenging conversation that they were unprepared for and becoming more reactive or defensive than they ideally would have.  So that like that subset alone of how do we help people connect? And I have a workshop called Confrontation for Connection, because it's like, we need to rethink the way we approach these conversations before we can ever stand a chance of navigating them in an elevated way.  But I find like, regardless of, you know, what team, organization, individual, like that is a huge area for most people to develop.  23:27 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Incredible. can tell you teach communication for a living, because most of the times I'm on these calls, I'm like trying to pry information, you just give me a massive goldmine of good ideas.  23:39 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   So I really appreciate it. My pleasure. I've been fortunate to have a lot of experience.  23:44 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Yeah, I can tell. I love the live webinars you do. Live webinars are really fantastic.  23:56 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   And I think it's something you can scale as well. Yeah, well, so that's... The other thing that, and I appreciate you bringing that up because that's the other thing I wanted to mention, is some of the more valuable work that I've done, I'll say over the last eight months, is when I provide an opportunity for a group or a department to do just an open working session.  So I'll throw up a Mentimeter poll, and it's typically some version of what's a communication challenge you're currently facing or one that you're curious about.  And then we do live polling. I use AI to, you know, break it down into different topic areas. And then I'm just responding in real time to unique challenges that people have.  Sometimes, especially if it's a webinar, I'll invite people, like, if this was your question or challenge, and you're willing to unmute and say a little bit more, like, my curious question is, you know, what have you tried so far?  Or is this showing up more, like, as an impact with your supervisor? Or is this more just in a personal relationship, just getting context for some of the things they threw up there?  But that in person, in the moment. Live response to what's really coming up for people, rave reviews. I mean, like, they're like, oh my gosh, if we could have access to a communication coach in real time, that would be fantastic.  Something that my mom and I have been working on, but it's taken a backseat with writing the book and getting that out into the world.  And then the book just launched in November of last year is we've created, it's called Ask Betsy. And it's a bot that's being trained just with my work, my content, so it can only speak in my voice and not pull from anything.  And the beta, like, we haven't done a formal beta test with coaches yet, but I have a group of coaches I've identified and athletic directors that I'm like, hey, try this out and see what you think.  But so many people have said, Betsy, if you could just be in my ear, like, if we could just, like, secret service style, I want a distant assistant in my ear as I'm talking with my team so that I have a better sense of how do I communicate my intention and have it have the impact that I desire.  And so that, like, that could be a huge. Huge market. coaches could have in their back pocket, hey, before I go talk to my team or an athletic director, before I have this meeting, here's what I'm planning to say.  Tell me, like, how I can refine this. Just in the palm of their hand, always, instead of scheduling a coaching call, instead of having to work through different webinars or training sessions, like, just immediate access to challenges that they have consistently that I know I can speak to, but I don't actually have to be present with them.  26:27 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Let get out of that. No, I'm not sure if you know, but we have a whole team of AI bot engineers.  26:33 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   I don't know that, but that's great to know.  26:36 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Yeah, they do this a lot. Ask Betsy, offer clarity on FAQs. Okay, so one of, you know, there's a lot of ideas here.  My belief for marketing is, and it's pretty simple, is pick the one.  27:00 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Pick that has the slowest hanging fruit.  27:02 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Pick the one that has the best traffic already. Pick the one that is already selling. And see if you can maximize it.  Every single offer and every single funnel has a level of diminishing returns, just like the hockey stick, right? Like you hit a point in the future where your pain is for much for ads as you are making on it in an annual.  And you say, all right, that funnel. And, you know, that funnel is done. It's called an evergreen funnel. We're going to leave it.  It's going to make a lot of money. It's going to be great. But now that offer is done. But people get into trouble with is like, they try to do like 10 of those all at once.  And then you can only spend like $25 a day or a week on ads for each funnel because you're doing so many funnels and you don't want to spend 50 grand a month on ads.  And it's like, well, that's not enough money to really show, tell us anything. It's not enough money to drive enough traffic.  traffic. It's not enough. It's to really maximize the value that exists within that offer. So I honestly, I think from what you've said, now this needs further testing and understanding, is your webinar you already do once a month, that is, I assume from what you said, it's for the paid members of the Substack, right?  28:22 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Correct. Yep.  28:22 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   I think if you move that same live webinar, and you move it to the unpaid Substack, so you use it as a way to drive, and I have to analyze the traffic of people who are converting from Substack into what?  You move that to the front, and you put, and it's really clear offered, and we start putting ad budget towards it.  So it's actually the same, similar webinar for people who are really well-targeted coaches, athletic directors that haven't worked or heard with you before, and that's their first touchpoint, where they get to attend.  A live webinar that on unclear expectations versus clear expectations. And I have a seven, you know, a seven step system to improve a coach's communication to provide expectations to get better performance out of athletes.  So, you know, something like that.  29:19 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   I'm just kind of.  29:19 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Yeah. Yeah. Right now. And then that is you sell from there. You have a few you have a clear offer if that's like a program offer.  And then you have a downsell for the sub stack. And then you have like a book a one on one opportunity for the retainer.  But the main one would be like something. It's typically between 97 and 297 a month for people to engage, but not overcommit on their first touch point.  And then in like in three months or so after they've engaged with whatever you offer, then there's an upsell to the like.  A more, you know, retainer, a retainer size purchase. That system is been proven. There's a really famous guy called Russell Brunson.  I'm sure you know his face, right? Like he's the ClickFunnels guy. He's on something else now.  30:20 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   I can't remember. I just saw it actually.  30:22 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   I have one of his books here. And he created that. He has a famous quote that if you do.  No, it's a famous quote that I can't remember. But I'm pretty sure if you do a webinar, a live webinar once a month for a year, you'll have a seven-figure business.  That's his quote.  30:42 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   I would love that.  30:45 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   And the nice thing with that is you can do it. It depends on how much you want to spend on ads and like all the testing in between.  But you can do it once a week. Like there's, you can do it every quarter. The, like you have a lot of that, those people.  This is already existing, but a live webinar on such a clear offer you already have. Getting a clear offer is 90% of the hard work, but just that setting clear versus unclear expectations for a coach, seven-step system to have better performance, less conflict, better performing athletes.  These are all hooks we could test them, but you're kind of there. I think the webinar is just in the wrong spot in your funnel.  31:28 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Yeah, and that makes a lot of sense. And we've gotten some conversions from free to paid because we send the reminder for the months, like, live webinar for all paid subscribers to everybody.  And so what we found is we often get the greatest conversions from free to paid in the days right before the live webinar because people are having an issue or they want to have access.  And all paid subscribers also have access to replays of the previous live webinars. Oh, nice. So they know if they can't make it live that they can at least get the content later.  There is. If they're a paid subscriber, but I hear you in this, like, I mean, obviously I have no personal experience, but like, it makes sense if the live work that I do is the most valuable to do a live webinar with a, the biggest audience that I have.  I mean, Instagram has 5,000 something followers currently. And again, people are like, why don't you have more followers? And I'm like, cause I, I don't want say I don't care, but I, cause I don't invest time.  I'm to gain followers. Like I invest time in content. invest time in the client facing work. Um, but absolutely like that number should be way, way higher with the number of people that I know value my work or have had experience.  I was having a conversation with, um, someone that's part of, oh, the name's escaping, Wasserman. So sports agent Wasserman.  And she's like, Betsy, there are so many like brands and individuals. That's it. We are. you. That I want to introduce you to, but the first thing they're going to look at is numbers.  Because before they partner with you in some way, they want to know how many eyeballs are going to be on their stuff when they do.  So if you can get the social numbers a lot higher, then we can expand your business, your profitability through having your own podcast.  Because right now I co-host one, but she's like, everyone just wants to hear from you. And I can sell this to people, but they need to see potential return on investment numbers first.  33:30 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   That's really cool. Okay, so we've got a few things.  33:34 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   What you said makes a lot of sense. Like, do the live work, have a clear offer, and then create, I think you said, like a downsell for Substack, like something to engage between 97 to 97, not overcommit on the first take, and then an upsell to a higher level service after about three months.  And I can see how that would lead to a seven-figure business.'clock. that. so But... get From us. Honestly, Dylan, like, if I could get to a seven-figure business, that would be incredible.  34:05 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   If you don't mind me asking, what are you at right now for revenue?  34:09 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   So this year was the first down year since I started the business.  34:14 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   This is a down year for most people, by the way, if you weren't aware of that.  34:17 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   I appreciate that. Okay, so let's see. 2019, 38,000. 2020, 69, 21, 132.5. 22, 219. 2023, 287. 2024 was 372.  And then I think I finished this year at, like, 271, something like that. 2025.  34:47 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Okay, so I really see your desire, what you said earlier about getting a more consistent, like monthly, like a monthly recurring revenue.  Can you? Because $371 to $274 is hard to budget your life around.  35:07 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   A hundred percent. Got it. Yeah.  35:10 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Okay. And your vision for the business, is it seven figures? Is it eight figures?  35:20 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Is it nine figures? I mean, so, okay. Most of my life, like our family doesn't come from a lot of money.  Like we have been like middle class, maybe lower middle class, like when I was a child. And then growing up in California, like I never thought I would own a house because everybody rented real estate is crazy expensive.  So the fact that now at 42, like I bought a house in Colorado and then I bought a house here, a house that costs $680,000.  Like I'm already exceeded where I thought my individual profitability was going. Coaching background. At the time I was coaching, every position I ever had, the most I ever made a year was $40,000.  And I was putting different jobs together to be able to afford to live in LA at that level. Like at one point I was the assistant golf coach.  I was teaching fitness classes to staff and faculty. I was coaching private lessons and I was coaching basketball just to be able to afford to live in LA.  So I share that only to say I want to make as much money as humanly possible without selling my soul or sacrificing time with my family.  Like I understand the level of commitment and time it takes to build a business, invest in the business, do the work.  I'm incredibly grateful that I absolutely love and find purpose and fulfillment, enjoying the work that I get to do.  And that it adds value to what I'm able to provide and do with my family. But when you ask like, you know, how much do you want to make?  I'm already making way more than I ever thought anyone would pay me. Especially to do a made up job.  So I think that being in awe of where I am financially is in ways a barrier to the vision.  Like the vision is it would be incredible to, you know, have a beach house to be able to work X number of days a week or months during the year and then take time off to travel internationally with my family when we want to like to be able to create memories together without finances being an issue.  We don't, I mean, we love this house. We see ourself here for life, basically. But if we wanted to make a change to be able to do that or to invest in things that, you know, are making a difference in the world, like to have the freedom financially to be able to do those sort of things.  I wish I had a more clear answer for you. Yeah, it's pretty good, honestly.  37:52 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   It might not be a specific number, but I think the pieces around that and what I've found over time is that you can start  If you really dig down, you're like, okay, what do I want to invest in? What would the beach house look like?  You can kind of get to those numbers pretty – and it gives me – the reason I asked is just because we built – well, I guess I shouldn't say we.  I wasn't here at the company yet, but the founders built a company called Svelte Training, a woman named Meredith Shirk.  They started – she's got – we have her testimonials and things all over the website because she's a huge success story.  And I think when she started with Zach and Henry in 2018, she was doing 100 grand a year. Her business last year – this isn't a joke.  When they told me, I was like – I was pretty surprised as well.  38:50 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   was like, she did $90 million last year. $90 million?  38:54 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   As a business, yeah. So she's got a big team. Yeah. But – Well, yeah, it's a huge number. was meteoric growth.  And we have other people in coaching and health and fitness that are kind of on a similar trajectory. They're not at the same top number, but they're growing really quickly.  And so the vision for, you know, and the way she really did that, she, I mean, she's still very involved in the business, but the way she really did that was her like clear vision.  And she, and she just kept elevating herself. It's a really cool, like, every time she kind of hit a point where she was like too busy, she just doubled their prices for her.  And then the next time she doubled their prices for her. And she just like, all of a sudden she was doing like 10 grand speaking events, then 20 grand speaking events that, you know, like now she's on stage doing $100,000 speaking events.  It's just something to think about when you're thinking about like, how am I going to, we can get you something.  Your business, no problem. And when you're thinking, how am I going to maximize myself to be in that position?  I'm already so busy at $300,000-ish. The answer is, we'll just keep raising your price. But scaling in these type of offers in the back end so that people are getting the great value, you know when they're going to get upsold, but you don't have to do the delivery constantly.  That's why I asked you what the certification means, and it's cool that you've already done that. I think there's a real good opportunity to offer, like, if you truly believe in the work, obviously you do, you offer, like, the, you know, the, you have to come up with a name, but call it Betsy Butterick Certification.  40:43 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   it's fine, yeah.  40:44 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   And so when somebody, like, you know, you see that on a resume, when someone's like, this person is Betsy Butterick, Communication Certified, an athletic director that you've been in touch with before, senior work, is going to find that valuable on someone's resume.  40:57 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Yeah.  40:57 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Like, that, I think, is. It's where you can scale straight up.  41:03 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Yeah. And it's Butterick.  41:06 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   People sometimes say Buterick, but... Oh, sorry. Okay.  41:08 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   That's okay. No, that's totally fine. Yeah. Yeah. And I think that's really interesting because I do think that I've done the work like my in the industry, my name is often spoken in rooms that I'm not in, in a very like respectful thought leader type trusted kind of way.  So to your point, to have coaches that are like championship communication certified, you know, or even just like leveraging the book and the content and they're like, the way we coach today's athletes has to change for coaching to be sustainable, let alone successful.  And that's largely why I wrote the book. When you talk about, you know, what topics or what pillars are out there, coach communication with today's athletes, whether it's improving quality of communication to reduce cost and overhead.  Reduce turnover, like increase... The quality of the student athlete experience, like this is a huge, very timely challenge for coaches, especially older coaches, but coaches of all levels, all sports.  Like this is the thing right now that everyone is like, I know it needs to be different. I don't know how I have to change.  And even if I did know what I need to change, how do I start? Um, and that's the thing.  We don't have a marketing campaign around the book and yeah, the book with very little marketing has done phenomenally well.  Um, we're close to over 2000 copies sold and everyone who reads it, thank you. Everyone who reads it's like, this is incredible.  Like, and then we get, you know, a bulk order offer. I just sent 120 to, um, SMU in Dallas, but athletic directors are buying bulk orders for every coach in their department.  Um, I think we're in like 16 different. countries right now. So with very little marketing, the content of this book, people find immensely valuable.  So that's also a huge, and here's the other thing tying into scalability, profitability, charging more, because as much as I would like to just double my prices when I get too busy, there is a threshold, especially within college athletics, of what people can actually pay.  It's not that they don't want to, it's that they can't. And this, I know this is a big, like, personal challenge for me.  My wife said it, she's like, Betsy, it's okay if not everyone can afford to work with you.  43:35 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Yeah.  43:36 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   And that's really hard for me because I want to help those that I know really need help. But I also recognize as a business owner, okay, maybe they can't afford to have you come in person, but here's a variety of ways that they can still afford the help that you want to give them in a price point that works for them.  So really just getting more clear on what those different offers are so that I don't have to sacrifice. My ability to make an impact based on someone's budget, and I can continue to grow even if they have to make a lower level price point choice.  But coming back to the book, I see myself, Dylan, on Good Morning America, on USA Today. This is something that people should be talking about.  And I hate using that word should because it sounds judgy. But like, when I look at authors that are on different shows, when I look at even Mel Robbins, you know, like, and her let them theory has been both loved and criticized for different reasons.  But it's like, I'm one of those people. Like, I am a person who offers unique value. And it's making a positive impact on not just the lives of people who experience it, but those lives that they touch.  Coaches, coaches, educators, impacting people for the rest of their life, like, this matters. And if we can elevate the book and expand the eyeballs, and also have products or services in place in an intentional way.  For me, at this point in time, I see that as the greatest opportunity for massive growth in a shorter time frame is book visibility, social visibility, and then content consumption in clear pathways for those that are learning about, oh, this chick kind of knows what she's talking about, and this is helpful.  45:24 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   That's amazing. That's a super clear vision.  45:28 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   That was weird. I don't talk about myself like that often, but I also recognize if I'm going to really be the person I see myself being, I also have to own the fact that what I do is unique and special, and it matters, and I'm really good at what I do.  45:46 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Hell yeah, that's amazing. That's so powerful. So, I think there's a lot of opportunity here, like gaining many followers, running a webinar, figuring out that.  We repurposing all the past content as hooks, setting up funnels, promoting the book. And then honestly, the way you just said too about individuals or groups that can't afford a really high cost, there's so many ways to, you know, you offer, that's where you offer the big conference.  That's a $90 ticket, but you know, there's lots of people come and those, you know, you offer that to the schools that can't afford the $10,000 one-on-one group home, right?  Or for you to come to them and they have to, you know, pay a couple hundred bucks for a plane ticket, a $90 ticket.  Like, that's where there's so much opportunity there to generate, like, those relationships. And that's honestly, like, what you already said about two people today was, they may not be able to afford it today, but...  Then they're a great coach, they get promoted to be the head of a big university, and all of a sudden, you're getting a phone call for a big package.  And if they've been thinking about you for years, and then they're like, you know, they get that, now they have the multi-million dollar budget, then it's like, that's when they're excited.  Like, oh, finally, I can just pay her whatever she wants. And honestly, in this business, the number one thing I think for most entrepreneurs to get over is that people really respect having to pay a lot.  You know, people pay Tony Robbins or Alex Hormozy, like $100,000 a day, one day, to do whatever. And it's like, yeah, they obviously are really smart.  They obviously can offer like a life-changing amount of value, but it's only a day. So it's, yeah, they're more like, it's, it's a bigger thing than that, right?  They want that, they want to be in that ecosystem. So we can get, we can get you there. Okay, so there's a lot of things here.  48:05 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Yes. You should see my desktop.  48:08 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   I don't want to say, our team can do all of it. It's always a combination of a budget that's affordable to you and velocity.  48:19 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Right?  48:20 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Yeah. So it's really easy to do things really quickly, a bunch of them, but it just takes a lot more money.  So we're, I think the two questions for you is like, what's a marketing budget that works for you on a monthly to get things done?  And the other one is, what is the number one most important between, like, is it setting up a webinar funnel?  Is it repurposing all of your content on all platforms and automating as much of that as possible to gain like the 100,000 followers?  I just picked 100,000 as just a number. It doesn't really, it's just like focusing on virality. Or is it marketing the book?  Which of those?  49:04 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Of those three, I would pick marketing the book right now, especially because we've run into so many issues trying to get the book on Amazon.  And I love hate Amazon for various reasons, but if I'm looking for a book, the first place I go is Amazon.  And we've run into so many issues with their system, and then they're like, we'll get back to you in two to three days, which is really like five to seven days.  And then they don't give us a clear response. So the only place people can actually buy the book physically is on my website.  And so with that limited, like people go to Amazon, they just see the e-book and they're like, well, but I want the physical book.  And then they kind of stop. So being able to drive traffic to the book, being able to amplify the message of the book, the impact of the book, to be able to share some of the testimonials that we've gotten back that are incredible, to speak to the value of the book.  If we can start with the book, that would be my number one priority currently. For context, especially in the college world, most.  Fiscal year budgets reset at the end of June. So July 1 is typically the start. So when I'm thinking about timeline, you're talking about speed and cost, like to have some things in place before people reset their budget so that when they do their budget planning in late May, June, and they know it's going to cost X amount to do whatever in whatever way with Betsy, that that's already built in versus having to make a request or fundraise.  Like that, I found, kind of sets up financial stability or flow for the next cycle. So I think doing work to lead up to that separate from the book, but that creates those clear pathways or offers and options given people's variability in terms of resources and funding, that could be immensely helpful for people to make clear budget decisions prior to the end of the fiscal year when they hit the end of June.  50:54 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Okay, awesome.  50:56 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   I've never done this work before. I've had conversations. I've with my mom recently of just with it being a down year last year, knowing kind of our monthly expenses and everything here, what it costs to put a book out into the world, like thankfully making most of that back up.  But that's also part of like marketing the book is to continue to generate revenue passively through something that's already complete.  I don't know what size budget I would need, but I also have been in conversations recently about taking out like a separate business loan because I understand in order to get the return on investment, I first have to invest.  And while I may not have the reserve of funds to invest at the level that I want the way things are right now, being intentional about taking out a loan to put into this so as quickly as possible.  And I'm not in a rush, like I know I mentioned in June, like I'm not in a rush to scale the business massively right now.  I want it to grow. I want to be able to not continually feel like I'm already at capacity and yet people want more and more and more, but I want to be intentional about growth so that over the next two, three years, like I am more at that scale where instead of, you know, a day for $10,000, people are paying like $50,000 for a day.  So if you have insight into like, okay, if we're going to focus on the book or we're going to work towards getting more of either the funnels into the live webinar or helping you really organize the product services that you have and create pathways for consumption, what that might cost at varying levels, or that would be helpful as I think about, okay, what size business loan do I need to take out in order to be able to do this kind of work?  52:50 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   So to do like a funnel is because you already have the offer is like In general, a couple of grand.  And then for like if we were to run the marketing, say paid ads, it scales anywhere from $7.95 a month to $2,900 a month.  That's based on ad budgets, size of campaign. So if you were kind of running like a smaller ad budget, say $1,000 a month, it's generally rule of thumb on Meta.  If you're running less than $1,000 a month, it's not really that effective and it's better to spend that money elsewhere.  And then, you know, that's management. And then we have SEO package that is very similar, if not the exact same numbers.  I think it starts at $9.95. It does not start at $9.95, not $7.95. And it goes up to the same thing, maybe $2,500.  All of these, you know, of course, used within what we would prescribe, like, okay, we think this, this, and this are the way to do.  To execute. So the first thing that would be part of our platform is identifying the goals, right? Like what are our goals?  And we talk about that a lot. Like, okay, we can, if we want to sell a lot more books, because we get these books and they create, you know, they create the next set of offers, which is like if we gather, you know, we can do follow-ups and gather emails and things like that and then create that like knock-on offer.  Oh, you bought 10 books as an athletic director. Give you six months to read it or three months to read it.  After that, we'll offer a special, you know, book buyer's discount to have me come speak for an event.  54:42 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Or even like book club. Anyone who read the book, we're going to do a live webinar as part of like this, whatever.  And I just looked at the time.  54:49 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   I do have another call starting in like minute and a half.  54:52 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   So I don't mean to rush Dylan or be rude, but I just want to be conscious of time as well.  54:56 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Yeah, of course. Thanks. I'm glad you brought that up. Let's jump off. What I'll do is put together some ideas.  I'll have that to you. I'm actually flying out today to go skiing tomorrow.  55:07 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Good for you.  55:08 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Have fun, man. I'll get this out to you next week, and we'll get you some options, some prices. You can have a look at it.  We can slide scale based on what you need. And my promise is, like, whatever it is, if the budget's too low, I'll be like, we can't be effective.  I'm not going to sell you just anything.  55:31 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   I want it to only be effective. appreciate that.  55:33 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   And the other component that I failed to mention is that, you know, my view and the company's view, and one of the reasons I joined this company from, I sold my own agency and moved to this company, was this isn't a fly-by-night agency.  Like, you know, they've worked with Meredith since 2018. Their goal is to work with people for decades. So, if it's, like, the long-term, let's do this the right way over long-term, that's...  That's actually our ideal client. So I think we're aligned. want.  56:04 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   It sounds really good.  56:05 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Yeah. But I know you got to go. So I'll let you go and I'll this to you next week.  Thank you so much for the great conversation.  56:10 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Yeah, likewise. And thank you. Like, since the beginning, this has felt aligned. Like, even our email about, like, kids stuff.  It's like, I want to be able to talk to, like, business owners as parents who understand, like, there are other things that influence what we do.  So I really have a lot of appreciation and just gratitude for this conversation.  56:25 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   But also, I see this being a great partnership. So thank you. Amazing, Betsy. Well, have a great rest of your week.  56:32 - Betsy Butterick (Betsy Butterick)   Yeah, have fun skiing.  56:33 - Dylan J. (Profitable Media, LLC)   Thanks so much. Bye-bye.
